[BIRD CAWING]
[Thinking]
I CAN'T BELIEVE HOW TIME FLIES.
IT'S ALREADY BEEN THREE YEARS
SINCE YOU DISAPPEARED
IN THAT MYSTERIOUS
PURPLE GLOW, PEARSON.
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE THAT ALL
SECTOR SECURITY FOUND THAT NIGHT
WAS A DIGITAL RECORDING CHIP
WITH A MESSAGE FROM YOU
ASKING ME TO WATCH OVER THE KIDS
YOU TOOK CARE OF
AND TO KEEP YOUR DUEL DISK
AND RUNNER SAFE.
WELL, KNOW THIS, PEARSON--
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT
I PLAN ON DOING--HUH?
[BEEPING]
WHAT'S THIS?
BRUNO MUST HAVE BEEN
FIDDLIN' AROUND WITH
MY DUEL RUNNER AGAIN.
MAN, SOMETIMES I DON'T KNOW
IF THAT GUY'S SOUPIN' IT UP
OR SHUTTIN' IT DOWN.
[ENGINE STARTS]
ALRIGHT.
THERE WE GO.
I PROMISE, PEARSON, I WON'T STOP
LOOKING FOR YOU OR LET YOU DOWN.
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
AH. THIS IS SO STRANGE.
EVERY TIME I ACTIVATE
THE REAR VALVE BOOSTER,
THE ENGAGE STIMULATOR
STOPS WORKING...
BUT ALL SYSTEMS CHECK OUT FINE.
[BEEPING]
OKAY, MAYBE I SPOKE TOO SOON.
ARGH!
WHAT'S UP, BRUNO?
WELL, CROW'S
DUEL RUNNER JUST
ISN'T RUNNING RIGHT.
YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHY?
I THINK THE PROBLEM
IS COMING FROM
THIS ONE PART.
WHERE'D THAT COME FROM?
[YAWN]
HUH? HEY, WHADAYA DOIN'?!
WHY DO YA ALWAYS
HAVE TO MESS WITH
MY DUEL RUNNER?!
I'LL TELL YOU WHY, CROW,
BECAUSE YOUR DUEL RUNNER
IS THE ONLY ONE
WITH THIS MYSTERIOUS GLITCH
THAT NONE OF US CAN FIGURE OUT.
WHADAYA MEAN
'GLITCH'?
THERE'S THIS ONE PART
THAT KEEPS BUGGING OUT,
BUT I CAN'T SEEM
TO ACCESS IT.
CAN'T YA JUST
LET IT BE?
I DON'T WANTCHA
TO END UP MESSIN'
THINGS UP MORE.
THAT RUNNER
IS MY BABY.
I DEPEND ON HER!
WE KNOW, CROW.
NOW THEN, BRUNO,
HAND ME THAT HAMMER,
THE FLAME TORCH AND,
OOH, THE CHAINSAW.
WE'LL GET TO
THE BOTTOM OF THIS
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER.
OH...
EXCUSE US, EVERYONE.
OH HEY, TRUDGE, MINA,
WHAT'S UP?
YOU GOT A MINUTE TO TALK
OUTSIDE, CROW?
UH...
SO WHAT'S THIS ABOUT,
TRUDGE?
IT'S ABOUT
AN OLD FRIEND OF YOURS--
ROBERT PEARSON.
HEY, HOW IN THE WORLD
DID YOU KNOW
I WAS FRIENDS
WITH PEARSON?
COME, CROW,
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN?
I USED TO WORK THE SATELLITE
BEAT NOT SO LONG AGO.
BUT HE'S BEEN
MISSING FOR
THREE YEARS NOW.
AND THAT'S JUST
WHAT WE WANT TO
TALK TO YOU ABOUT--
HOW HE DISAPPEARED.
WHADAYA MEAN HOW?
WELL...
WE JUST RECENTLY DISCOVERED
THAT BEFORE
THAT PURPLE GLOW APPEARED,
PEARSON WAS DUELING SOMEONE...
AND THIS IS THE CARD
HIS OPPONENT WAS USING.
CRIMSON MEFIST?
WE'RE TRYING TO FIGURE OUT
WHO IT BELONGS TO.
ANY IDEAS?
SORRY.
I'M AFRAID NOT.
I'VE NEVER SEEN
THIS CARD BEFORE
IN MY LIFE.
WE FIGURED AS MUCH.
HE MEANS IT WAS
BEFORE YOUR TIME.
YOU SEE,
A FEW YEARS BACK,
THEY TRIED
DEVELOPING CARDS
THAT HAD MORE THAN
JUST VISUAL EFFECTS.
IT WORKED.
ONLY THEY SOON FOUND
THE NEW EFFECTS WERE DANGEROUS
AND DEALT ACTUAL DAMAGE
TO DUELISTS.
IT WAS ALSO RUMORED
THAT THESE CARDS
HAD THE ABILITY
TO SEND PEOPLE TO
THE NETHERWORLD.
THE NETHERWORLD?
WHOA.
NATURALLY, PRODUCTION OF THESE
CARDS STOPPED IMMEDIATELY.
HOWEVER, THERE WERE A FEW
PROTOTYPES ALREADY RELEASED
TO THE DUELING PUBLIC
THAT ARE STILL
UNACCOUNTED FOR.
CRIMSON MEFIST
IS ONE OF THEM.
WAIT. SO THEN
YOU'RE TELLING ME
ROBERT PEARSON
MAY HAVE VANISHED
BECAUSE OF THIS CARD?
AH!
OOH!
Trudge:
YES, CROW...
I'M AFRAID THAT'S PRECISELY
WHAT MINA AND I ARE SAYING.
WHICH MEANS THE SOONER
WE KNOW WHO THE OWNER
OF THIS HIGHLY DANGEROUS
AND ONE OF A KIND CARD IS...
THE SOONER WE'LL KNOW
WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR FRIEND
ROBERT PEARSON.
AND THE SOONER WE'LL BE ABLE
TO SERVE JUSTICE.
[SNIFFS]
MMM...
LOVELY,
THIS ALMOST SMELLS
AS GOOD AS I LOOK.
THANKS...
I BREWED IT JUST FOR YOU--
ONLY TOOK FOUR HOURS.
GOTTA BORROW YOUR RUNNER.
THANKS!
WHAT?!
CURSE YOU, CROW.
IF YOU WANT SOMETHING,
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO ASK
POLITELY,
LIKE I DO!
ANYTHING ELSE, JACK?
MORE COFFEE!!!
AH! YES, SIR!
[THINKING]
I GOTTA FIND OUT
WHO PEARSON WAS DUELIN'
ON THAT FATEFUL DAY,
WHICH MEANS I GOTTA TALK TO
THOSE WHO WERE CLOSEST TO HIM.
Man, over P.A.:
COME ONE, COME ALL
TO THE BREATHTAKING,
THE MIND-BLOWING,
THE BOLTON BUILDING OF BARGAINS,
WHERE EARNING YOUR BUSINESS
IS OUR BUSINESS...
AND WHERE WE'RE PROUD SPONSORS
OF THE WORLD RACING GRAND PRIX!
HEY, SPEAKING OF RACING,
WHY NOT RACE ON DOWN AND TEST
DRIVE A NEW DUEL RUNNER TODAY!
AND WHY NOT MAKE IT THE FASTEST,
THE FIERCEST,
THE BRAND-NEW
STATE OF THE ART PXV3A!
NICE, NICE,
VERY NICE INDEED!
I'LL SAY.
IT'S A FIRST
PRINT EDITION
OF WITCH
OF THE BLACK FOREST.
IMPRESSIVE! OF COURSE,
I WOULD EXPECT NO LESS
FROM THE MAN WHO RUNS
BOLTON'S BUILDING OF BARGAINS,
WHERE EARNING
YOUR BUSINESS IS--
LOOK, CAN I HAVE
THE LOAN OR NOT?
THE LOAN?
[AMUSED LAUGHTER]
DON'T MAKE ME LAUGH!
LOOK, THESE ARE ALL
VERY NICE CARDS
BUT FOR THE SUM YOU WANT...
I WOULD NEED QUITE A BIT MORE
COLLATERAL THAN THIS,
AND WHEN I SAY MORE,
WHAT I MEAN IS MORE VALUABLE...
SAY A CARD
SUCH AS THE MIGHTY
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
YES, THEN WE'D HAVE A DEAL.
GRR...
[THINKING]
THE BLACK-WINGED DRAGON...
[GROWLING]
WHADAYA THINK
YOU'RE DOIN'?
LET GO OF ME!
PUT ME DOWN!
UH!
FOR THE LAST TIME,
I GOT BUSINESS WITH BOLTON!
SURE YA DO,
AND I GOT DINNER PLANS
TONIGHT WITH SETO KAIBA!
Bolton: CROW?
THAT YOU, OLD FRIEND?
I THOUGHT SO.
HOW YA BEEN?
AH, BOLTON!
COME ON.
LET'S GO UP TO MY OFFICE, PAL.
SORRY ABOUT DOWNSTAIRS.
MY STAFF CAN BE PROTECTIVE.
HUH.
CARE TO TAKE A SEAT?
NAH, TOO MUCH
TO LOOK AT!
YOU'VE REALLY DONE WELL
FOR YOURSELF, BOLTON.
JUST CHECK OUT
ALL THESE AWARDS!
NO WONDER YOU'RE
THE WORLD'S NUMBER
ONE DUEL RUNNER MAKER.
I'M REALLY PROUD OF YA.
WELL, I CAN'T TAKE
ALL THE CREDIT.
I HAVE A LOT OF GOOD
PEOPLE WORKING FOR ME.
THEY'RE THE REAL HEROES,
FROM OUR MOST
EXPERIENCED ENGINEERS
TO OUR YOUNGEST
FACTORY WORKERS...
I OWE THEM EVERYTHING.
BUT ENOUGH ABOUT ME,
WHAT HAVE YOU BEEN UP TO?
OH, PLENTY.
I MEAN,
IT'S BEEN THREE YEARS.
YEAH, I GUESS
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THE LAST TIME
I SAW YOU
WAS ON THAT TERRIBLE,
TERRIBLE DAY...
I STILL CAN'T BELIEVE
WHAT HAPPENED.
ACTUALLY, THAT'S KIND
OF WHY I'M HERE.
I'M TRYING TO FIND OUT
WHO CAUSED PEARSON
TO DISAPPEAR.
HANG ON.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN WHO, CROW?
IT JUST HAPPENED.
I MEAN...
BEFORE THE GLOW
APPEARED,
OUR FRIEND PEARSON WAS
DUELING AGAINST SOMEONE,
SOMEONE WHO HAD
A VERY RARE CARD
WITH THE POWER
TO DELIVER REAL DAMAGE
AND SEND PEOPLE
TO THE NETHERWORLD.
I WAS HOPIN' THAT
MAYBE YOU WOULD KNOW
SOMETHIN'
ABOUT THAT CARD.
HERE.
AH!
YOU KNOW SOMETHIN'.
TELL ME!
WHO WAS IT THAT USED
THIS CARD ON PEARSON?
BOLTON!
JUST LET IT GO, CROW.
HUH?
SOME THINGS ARE BETTER
LEFT AS THEY ARE.
BESIDES, NOTHING
WE DO NOW CAN CHANGE
WHAT HAPPENED.
BUT I WOULD LIKE
TO CHANGE YOUR LIFE--
FOR THE BETTER.
SO WHY NOT COME WORK
FOR ME IN MY FACTORY?
BOLTON,
YOU CAN'T BE SERIOUS.
HUH?
I JUST TOLD YOU WE MAY HAVE A
LEAD IN PEARSON'S DISAPPEARANCE
AND YOU OFFER ME A JOB?!
I SEE HOW IT IS.
NOW THAT YOU'RE
SOME BIG SHOT CEO,
YOU DON'T HAVE TIME
FOR ANYTHING ELSE.
YOU'VE CHANGED, BOLTON.
IT WAS STUPID OF ME TO EVEN
BOTHER COMIN' HERE TO SEE YA.
HAVE A NICE LIFE.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
MY TIME IS VALUABLE,
BUT I DO HAVE INFORMATION.
SO IF YOU WANT IT,
YOU'LL HAVE TO DUEL ME
FOR IT!
DUEL YOU?
THAT'S RIGHT.
IF YOU BEAT ME,
I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT I KNOW.
HOWEVER, IF I WIN...
YOU HAVE TO HAND OVER
THE BLACK-WINGED DRAGON
TO ME.
WHADAYA MEAN
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON?
WAIT, DIDN'T PEARSON
HAVE A CARD NAMED THAT?
I SYNCHRO SUMMON...
MY ULTIMATE BEAST!
[ROAR]
YEAH, HE DID, BUT IT VANISHED
THAT NIGHT ALONG WITH PEARSON.
THERE'S NO NEED
TO LIE, CROW.
BEFORE PEARSON VANISHED,
I KNOW THAT HE ENTRUSTED YOU
WITH HIS DUEL RUNNER
AS WELL AS HIS PRIZED
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON.
YEAH, HE WANTED ME TO WATCH
AFTER HIS DUEL RUNNER,
BUT THAT WAS IT.
LOOK, CROW,
THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
MY COMPANY IS
IN SERIOUS TROUBLE
RIGHT NOW.
I SIMPLY DON'T HAVE
THE CASH I NEED TO
COVER MY PAYROLL.
SO I NEED SOMETHING
VALUABLE TO GIVE
TO THE BANK
AS COLLATERAL
FOR A LOAN.
COLLATERAL?
YES, YES, I KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE GOING TO SAY...
THAT PEARSON WOULD
HATE THE IDEA
OF USING HIS BELOVED CARD
FOR SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
AND YOU'RE RIGHT...
BUT MY BACK IS UP AGAINST
THE WALL, OLD FRIEND.
AND IF I DON'T DO SOMETHING,
MANY OF MY EMPLOYEES
WILL HAVE TO BE LET GO.
YA MEAN LOSE THEIR JOBS?
THAT'S RIGHT, CROW.
AND IF THEY LOSE
THEIR JOBS,
THEIR FAMILIES GO HUNGRY,
AND YOU KNOW HOW PEARSON
WOULD FEEL ABOUT THAT.
AH.
SO WHADAYA SAY,
CROW?
WILL YOU AGREE
TO DUEL ME?
I EVEN HAVE
THE PERFECT FIELD
FOR US TO COMPETE ON--
OUR DUEL RUNNER
TEST COURSE.
WELL?! WHAT'S
IT'S GONNA BE?!
Child: I SEE YOU...
HEY, COME ON!
YOUR TURN!
TAG! YOU'RE IT!
HUH?
CROW...?
YOU'VE BEEN STARING
AT THIS ALL DAY.
WHAT IS IT?
A CARD.
AND ONE I NEED TO FIND
IF I'M EVER GONNA
FIND OUT WHAT REALLY
HAPPENED TO PEARSON.
AND I NEED TO FIND OUT
'CAUSE HE WAS A GOOD
FRIEND TO ME...
AND WHEN I NEEDED
A FRIEND MOST.
SEE, A COUPLE YEARS AGO
I WAS JUST SCRAPIN' BY
WITH SOME OTHER
HARD LUCK CASES...
Child: TRY THAT!
HUH?
UH!
DADDY?
DADDY!
Crow: I DIDN'T KNOW
THE GUY WELL.
ONLY THAT HE WORKED DAY AND
NIGHT TO SUPPORT HIS KIDS...
HERE'S HIS PAY.
'COURSE, SINCE HE PASSED
OUT FROM EXHAUSTION
ON THE FACTORY FLOOR,
WE HAD TO DEDUCT
OUR TRAVEL EXPENSES!
HA HA!
YOU PUNKS! UH!
MIND YOUR MANNERS,
YOU WORTHLESS PIECE
OF SATELLITE SLIME!
LET'S ROLL.
YEAH...
CHECK IT OUT...!
LOOKS LIKE SOMEONE WANTS
TO FIGHT! FINE BY ME.
LET'S SEE WHATCHA GOT!
TIME FOR A--
DIRECT ATTACK!
GO WHITE WARRIOR--
HAIL THE IRON HAMMER!
I PLAY THE TRAP...
SHADOW DANCE!
IT WAS PEARSON.
AND BOLTON WAS THERE WITH HIM.
THEY AND THEIR MONSTERS
SAVED THE DAY.
WHOA...
THAT'S PRETTY AWESOME!
AND LAST I'LL SUMMON...
THE SYNCHRO MONSTER,
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON!
[ROAR]
HUH?
AAH!
RUN FOR IT!
YOU'LL PAY FOR THIS.
THAT IS HOW I MET
ROBERT PEARSON.
AND FROM THEN ON,
HE WAS ALWAYS AROUND,
HELPING TEACH THE KIDS
HOW TO GET BY,
MAKING SURE THEY ALWAYS HAD
A ROOF OVER THEIR HEADS
AND FOOD TO EAT...
TEACHING THEM NEW SKILLS
SO THEY WOULD KNOW HOW
TO MAKE A LIVING.
I LIKED WHAT I SAW.
SO I DECIDED TO
JOIN UP WITH HIM,
HELP HIM ANY WAY
I COULD...
AND IT WASN'T LONG
UNTIL WE HATCHED A PLAN
TO OPEN UP
OUR OWN DUEL RUNNER SHOP...
A PLACE WHERE OUR FRIENDS
COULD EARN A GOOD WAGE
AND WE COULD EARN
A REPUTATION...
FOR MAKIN' THE BEST
DUEL RUNNERS AROUND!
BUT IT WASN'T TO BE.
AFTER PEARSON VANISHED
I TRIED MY BEST TO TAKE CARE OF
THOSE KIDS LIKE HE WANTED.
EVEN IF I HAD TO BEG,
BORROW...OR STEAL.
MAYBE BOLTON IS RIGHT.
I SHOULD JUST
FORGET THE PAST.
AFTER ALL, EVERYTHING
ELSE HE'S SAID AND DONE
HAS BEEN RIGHT.
THINK ABOUT IT.
HE ACTUALLY FOLLOWED THROUGH
WITH PEARSON'S PLAN
AND NOW MAKES DUEL RUNNERS
FOR A LIVING.
HE'S KEPT PEARSON'S DREAMS ALIVE
BETTER THAN I HAVE.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU SAID IT YOURSELF--
YOU'VE TAKEN CARE OF THE KIDS.
HUH? I HAVE?
Spike: CROW!
WHATCHYA DOIN'
OVER THERE?
COME ON OVER
AND PLAY WITH US!
YEAH. YOU'RE FUN!
SURE, CROW, IT MAY NOT
HAVE BEEN EASY...
BUT JUST CHECK OUT THE SMILES
ON THEIR FACES.
YOU'VE DONE A GREAT JOB
TAKING CARE OF THOSE KIDS.
JUST LIKE PEARSON
ASKED YOU TO.
SO THERE'S NO REASON TO THINK
THAT BOLTON'S ANY MORE RIGHT
ABOUT SOMETHING
THAN YOU ARE.
MAYBE SO...
Jack: WHAT?
CROW'S DUELING BOLTON?!
MM-HMM.
BUT CROW DOESN'T EVEN
HAVE THIS SO-CALLED
BLACK-WINGED DRAGON CARD
THAT BOLTON WANTS TO DUEL
FOR IN THE FIRST PLACE!
I KNOW, BUT A DUEL'S
THE ONLY WAY
THAT CROW CAN GET BOLTON
TO SPILL WHAT HE KNOWS.
AH...
WELL...
GUESS WE HAVE A DUEL
COMING UP!
WHAT TOOK YOU SO LONG
TO AGREE?
LET'S JUST SAY
I HAD TO MAKE SURE
THAT WHAT I WAS DOING
WAS RIGHT.
YOU BETTER BE SURE
BECAUSE THERE'S
NO GOING BACK NOW!
SETTING THE SPEED
WORLD 2 FIELD SPELL!
Both: DUEL!!!
[THINKING]
AND THE RACE FOR
THE TRUTH BEGINS!
AH!
THAT IS
SOME SERIOUS SPEED.
BOLTON'S NOT THE ONLY
ONE WHO'S PACKIN'
SOME RPM'S!
AH.
SINCE YOU'RE LAGGING,
I THINK I'LL DRAW FIRST!
HERE GOES! FIRST
I SUMMON WHITE WARRIOR--
FOG THE TREASURE SHIELD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
I'LL THEN PLACE TWO FACEDOWNS
AND END MY TURN.
2,000 DEFENSE POINTS?
ALRIGHT, THEN!
SINCE THE ONLY MONSTER
OUT RIGHT NOW IS
ON YOUR FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON THIS CARD
WITHOUT HAVIN' TO
RELEASE A MONSTER!
SHOW YOURSELF,
BLACKWING--
SIROCCO THE DAWN!
NOW...SINCE A BLACKWING
IS OUT ON MY FIELD,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
THIS GUY!
BLACKWING--
BORA THE SPEAR...!
COME ON OUT AND
STRETCH THOSE WINGS,
MY FEATHERED FRIEND!
AND THANKS TO THE
SPECIAL ABILITY OF
SIROCCO THE DAWN,
I CAN NOW CHANNEL HIS POWER
ONTO BORA THE SPEAR!
NOW BORA'S STRONG ENOUGH TO
TAKE DOWN HIS WHITE WARRIOR!
THAT'S NOT GOOD ENOUGH,
CROW...
I ACTIVATE MY FACEDOWN,
THE TRAP WHITEOUT!
NOW, WHATEVER SPECIAL
ABILITIES YOUR MONSTERS
ARE USING
ON ANY OF YOUR CARDS
ARE CANCELLED OUT!
AH!
YOU SEE, CROW, I KNOW
THE POWER OF THE BLACKWINGS
LAYS IN THEIR ABILITY
TO BOND WITH EACH OTHER
AND CREATE
AN EVEN GREATER FORCE...
SO YOU GIVE ME NO CHOICE--
IN ORDER TO WIN THIS...
I MUST SMASH THAT BOND
INTO OBLIVION!
AND THAT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I'VE DONE
BECAUSE AS LONG AS WHITEOUT
IS ON THE FIELD,
YOUR BLACKWINGS WON'T BE
ABLE TO POWER UP ONE ANOTHER
BY EVEN A FRACTION
OF A POINT!
THAT'LL CHANGE
CROW'S WHOLE
GAME PLAN!
I END MY TURN!
THEN I'M UP!
AND I SUMMON WHITE WARRIOR--
HAIL THE IRON HAMMER!
Duel Runner Computer:
WHEN WHITE WARRIOR--
HAIL THE IRON HAMMER
DESTROYS AN OPPONENT'S MONSTER
IN BATTLE,
YOU CAN DESTROY ANOTHER MONSTER
ON THE FIELD.
NOW I'LL ACTIVATE
THE TRAP SACRED ARROW!
AT THIS TURN'S END PHASE,
WE BOTH TAKE
400 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EVERY ONE OF OUR MONSTERS
THAT WAS DESTROYED
DURING THE ROUND.
WHAT? 400 POINTS?
THIS IS NOT GOING TO
TURN OUT GOOD FOR ME...
OR FOR BORA THE SPEAR.
WHITE WARRIOR--
HAIL THE IRON HAMMER ATTACK!
UH!
AND NOW THAT MY IRON HAMMER
HAMMERED ONE OF YOUR
MONSTERS INTO OBLIVION,
IT CAN SWING AWAY AT ANOTHER ONE
OF YOUR FEATHERED FRIENDS.
AH!
AND NOW, SINCE WE'VE REACHED
THIS TURN'S END PHASE,
IT'S TIME FOR
SACRED ARROW TO STRIKE!
AH!
OH, NO!
[THINKING]
NOT GOOD.
IT'S STARTING TO
LOOK LIKE BOLTON
HASN'T JUST SMASHED
THE BOND
OF THE BLACKWINGS
INTO OBLIVION--
BUT ANY CHANCE CROW
HAS TO WIN, AS WELL!
YOUR MOVE! AND I WOULD
MAKE IT COUNT IF I WERE YOU.
THAT IS, IF YOU WANT THE TRUTH
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED TO PEARSON!
HA HA!